# Anshul Jain
import nltk
import numpy

text="this is smaller then i thought for a funnel yet it is useful more then i thought it would be. such as oil in the lawnmowers. this is a small funnel  it will work for just abought any task.small and easy to store in a zip lock bag to keep it clean. this inexpensive funnel is pretty handy for certain jobs. i use mine for fuel additives such as seafoam  which is a good product but the container is difficult to pour into most car truck fuel tanks. a nice little funnel for the price. this is absolutely one of the best four and a half bucks i have ever spent. i originally thought i would use it to pour gas into lawn care devices but when it arrived my wife had a need for a funnel to use in the kitchen. she scrubbed it thoroughly and it worked fine for her. in addition  she said it looked like one of the old time hearing aids. amazingly  she was right on target. by holding the small end to my ear i could clearly hear her  the tv and the telephone. to my utter surprise all sounds are clearly amplified. i never would have believed it if i had not experienced this for myself. there are some frequencies which i have some difficulty in hearing now that i have  matured . my wife's voice is one of them so this is a handy aid when i want to hear something that she does not clearly elucidate. for convenience it even has a loop on the wide end where i can insert a chain or rope to hang around my neck. the uses for this item are nearly endless and i will order another one to serve the original purpoe for which i bought this one which is for pouring gas and oil.this is truly a multi purpose tool and at a bargain price. hard to complain  it is a funnel  it is a good length and width for awkwardly located fills. has a guard on the top for spill prevention  feels sturdy and durable  and the price is more than fair. what's not to like  i got this to change oil on my 2005 honda odyssey and it made the job of changing oil very easy. i was able to get nearly 4 1 2 quarts of oil in a couple of minutes with out any spill. it's also multi purpose  very good value for the money paid. this thing is smaller and skinnier than i thought  although it is very long. it is awkward for filling my car engine oil because its so long that the bottom of the funnel hits the valve heads before anything else  so its unstable to just sit in there. i have to hold it to support it with one hand while i fill the oil with the other.it does have some good uses though  as it is just the right size to fill my motorcycle transmission oil.all in all  the funnel is solid  no complaints on the product quality  but i think next time i will purchase in person so i can really gauge the size i need. ordered several funnels. one for my auto trans oil. one for filling the toyota van anti freeze via the top hose. faster than filling via the radiator cap. one for the shampoo consolidation in the house. works great in refilling oil in my generator and lawnmower it even has a lip on the top so the oil will not go out of the funnel.the only problem with funnels is  you never know how full the chamber is and always need to remove the funnel to look. someone should invent a meter on the funnel  that helps in overflowing and an end valve in case the chamber is full  to prevent it from overflowing.but until then  this funnel will do just fine  it feels like it is made of great quality stuff. it's very sturdy and not flimsy like some other funnels out there. i recommended this funnel in conjunction with this item   34 rhinogear 05068 3 piece funnel set  34 i use this to top off transmission fluid in vehicles. comes in very handy    a dollar  i stole this. hehehee while this is a simply plastic funnel  its uses are allot. my biggest use is with power equipment like my riding lawnmower  the oil cap is near the bottom and a difficult place to fill. the funnel is perfect also for smaller engines like my pressure washer   etc. hope this helps. perfect funnel to pour oil into your crankcase.. this funnel can be used for other purposes of course .. but i bought it for pouring quart oil into my crankcase. i love this funnel more than others that i have because it is the only one that stays in while i am pouring. the long spout keeps it in. i highly recommend it. i use one for automotive and my wife uses one for pouring in the homemade detergent into barrels. i'd previously purchased this w o having an actual use for it. turned out to be practically custom made for putting oil in my subaru inverter generator. what's to say  it's not very large. it works perfect in my 2003 chevy truck to add a fuel additive into the fuel tank    it should work for power steering and transmission also  at least on car trucks that is not hard to get to or down load were access is bad. the design helps keep you from spilling when your poring a fluid into it  for under  5  not a bad deal. hang it up out of the way when done with it. it's able to fit into your transmission dip stick tube  so it has to be small enough  so you can just dump a bunch a fluid into it at once    it's small and does not hold all that much. for what it is  i like it. this is a great funnel for what it is desinged to do. add fuel additives to your gas tank. no drips or spills on the side of your car.  look at the picture  for other applications  maybe a larger or different style funnel is better. price shipped to your door tax free is very good.   3.36  the list price  23.88 probably should be  3.88    i like it and would buy it again. got this for oil changes on my victory vision. it works well but you do have to poor slow as to not overflow the funnel. it is a good length and offered an easy tool for use with my motorcycle. priced right and just right for the longer reach needed for todays cars and trucks. buy two or 3 they are so handy.makes it easy to fill hard to reach items such as mowers utv's etc. i love this funnel  it has so many uses. for example i can pour a liquid into a container with a small opening with great ease. i can hang it on a wall and it will wait there until i need to pour another liquid into a container with a small opening again. let's see a hammer do either of those things. my hammer never stays put. you can reason with this funnel  it has an open mind so to speak. others may try but they all fall short of the splendor that is this funnel. in these cases  when all you need is a cheap plastic funnel it all comes down to price. there are no frills here... you pour things through this into other things... end of story.if that is what you are trying to do  i highly recommend this one i got sick of using my   34 common  34  funnel for different uses  trying to clean up an oily funnel so you can use it for sea foam is just dumb when you can get these for a little more than  1. the size length is perfect for gas tank additives. i purchased 3  i keep one in the garage to pour sea foam into my cara motorcycle snow blower lawnmower. and the other 2 i keep in whatever vehicle i'm currently using  in my   34 just in case  34  pack.great product. great little funnel  long narrow output is good for transmission fluid or other stuff similar with a small opening not easy to get to. this i use to replace the transmission fluid on my lincoln town car. the tube is quite narrow and way back at the firewall. the long skinny tip of this funnel reaches all the way back there and fits well  preventing a real mess. can't beat the price either. bought this along with a no spill 5 gallon can to use for track days. the length is excellent and gets down into the filler of your car. it also fits in a 1 gallon freezer bag so you can seal it up and put it back in the trunk when done without smelling gas or getting it on your trunk carpet. two improvements would make this a 5 star funnel. 1  it should be slightly upturned at the opening to catch gas as it backs up 2  the diameter of the nozzle should be larger and it easily could be given the tank inlet size   would allow faster filling. the size measurements provided are a bit disingenuous. the funnel is 10  long but the section that comprises the tubular section is only 6  long. it states that the funnel is 4  x 4  but in reality the opening for the funnel is 2 1 4  in diameter at the widest point.it would work to put a quart container of a liquid into something but for any larger container it is going to be worthless."

import re
from nltk.corpus import stopwords
from nltk.stem import WordNetLemmatizer

wordnet= WordNetLemmatizer()
sentences=nltk.sent_tokenize(text)

strin=[]
for i in range(len(sentences)):
    review = re.sub('[^a-zA-Z]',' ',sentences[i])
    review = review.lower()
    review = review.split()
    
    review = [wordnet.lemmatize(word) for word in review if not word in set(stopwords.words('english'))]
    review = ' '.join(review)
    strin.append(review)

from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import TfidfVectorizer
tfidf=TfidfVectorizer()

X=tfidf.fit_transform(strin).toarray()
